she
it's complicated
From here to here
enjoy life
of these questions
the time magazine
It's that you know
Seven drawings were normal
if you have to call
the object of the action is that you know how to fit all these drawings
Why suddenly by psol?
see only
show necid to avoid sagaz this reserve
sacred dance time
make the most
these sounds the civilians
In this league I hope you like
God bless you
very simple
you will get the first one due to the larger scale
You arrive on the last lap.
you will rock
the last lap above
producing it
others
to say that we should not
now I'm going to the last turn
O
bernardinho
sixth seventh
in the following year
angels and demons to all
pre-salt
the goal is that you really know that you decide
it is necessary to explain
after you're well accustomed
why this
nature reserve for you
because
during
without one
after you have fulfilled
my God
he
only that
I hope you have
God bless rich
a great week
prof 6 studies have been mobilized